Add a note about loadingIndicator to pageErrorHandler (#1310)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **default**: the parameter **defaults.isolateView** is `false` by default, and you can overwrite it using the **isolateView** value on a single node level.

### defaults.pageErrorHandler
<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->

> > **NOTE**: The **pageErrorHandler** only works if the [loading indicator](#loadingIndicator.enabled) is not disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The **pageErrorHandler** only works if the [loading indicator](#loadingindicatorenabled) is not disabled.
```

    ```

### pageErrorHandler
<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->

> > **NOTE**: The **pageErrorHandler** only works if the [loading indicator](#loadingIndicator.enabled) is not disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The **pageErrorHandler** only works if the [loading indicator](#loadingindicatorenabled) is not disabled.
```
